Add details to README (#19)
5t3ph/11ty-netlify-jumpstart: README.md

## Quick Start

1. [Generate a repo from this template](https://github.com/5t3ph/11ty-netlify-jumpstart/generate)

>    which will copy this project into your own new repo. You have to be signed in to your Github account for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   which will copy this project into your own new repo _if you are currently signed in to GitHub_. Alternatively, [visit the repo directly](https://github.com/5t3ph/11ty-netlify-jumpstart).
```
